Add a template for New Product Suggestions via Issues (#526)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new_product_suggestion.md

---

> name: New Product Suggestion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: New product suggestion
```

Author: The current each Word starts with capital looks much better because this will be like a Button on issue page.
I suggest we apply with current form and check how it will shown in production then decide to change or keep it

Reviewer: All the other buttons are in "Sentence case" :)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1324225/140109891-78591a0b-fadf-4e35-91f3-8ba062173931.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1324225/140108821-207aac2d-aab4-4452-a936-3fb646b1e946.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1324225/140109376-152dc6a0-e7da-419f-8401-fa33e4268f9a.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1324225/140109505-6b222a58-a760-4d1e-aac0-cc1753355982.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1324225/140110784-cb09eb99-9c30-44c7-8faa-b303482bdc62.png)

Author: done

> about: Suggest a new product to add into endoflife.date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Suggest a new product for endoflife.date
```

Author: done

title: ''
labels: 'new-product'
assignees: ''

---

> `Full and Short Name of Suggested Product`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`**Full and short name of product**
```

Author: you made a mistake while editing ( forgotten ` ) , fixed but in general form i applied what you suggested

Reviewer: Oops, thank you!

> Let us know its full long name and if exist its short name ( ie PowerShell , pwsh )

Reviewer: "i.e." means "that is", and "e.g." means "for example". It's better to use the full words and avoid the Latin initialisms.

```suggestion
Let us know the long, full name and, if it has one, the short name (for example, PowerShell and pwsh).
```

Author: done

> `Does this product have LTS versions ? Date intervals between each LTS versions ?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Does this product have LTS versions? What are the intervals between each LTS version?**
```

Author: done

> ie. A current release is a release that occurs between LTS releases. Current releases can contain critical fixes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a current release is a release that occurs between LTS releases. Current releases can contain critical fixes,
```

Author: done

innovations, and new features. A current release is supported for three months after the next release (current or LTS).

> `What is the Website of Suggested Product and its Version information ?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What is the website for the product and for its version information?**
```

Author: done

> ie. https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/tags
```

Author: done

> `Additional context`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Additional context**
```

Author: done

> Add any other context or screenshots about the product which you want us to add endoflife.date .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add any other context or screenshots about the product which you want us to add endoflife.date.
```

Author: This one is not suitable because it will messup link think something like abc.com. is not abc.com thus that dot must be seperated or we need to add another text after url so we can put . at the end without space

Reviewer: If you have abc.com at the end of a sentence, you end with a full stop, with no space.

And it's not being rendered as a link, full stop or not:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1324225/140112218-f1e36f73-a68e-47fe-b038-27c95ca1a29e.png)

Author: i fully removed dot

---
name: New product suggestion
about: Suggest a new product for endoflife.date
title: ''
labels: 'new-product'
assignees: ''

---

**Full and short name of product**

Let us know the long, full name and, if it has one, the short name (for example, PowerShell and pwsh).

**Does this product have LTS versions? What are the intervals between each LTS version?**

> For example, a current release is a release that occurs between LTS releases. Current releases can contain critical fixes,

Reviewer: Fullstop not comma:
```suggestion
For example, a current release is a release that occurs between LTS releases. Current releases can contain critical fixes.
```

Author: done
